feat: Evaluation DAO Kick Off (#792)
gnolang/gno: examples/gno.land/r/x/nir1218_evaluation_proposal/EVALUATION.md

> # `Contribution Evaluation`

Reviewer: I suggest using a grammar check on this document to find any misspellings.

Author: Thanks for reviewing, my bad.
I have corrected the spelling in the GNO files as well.

## Abstract

> This documnet describes general ideas regarding contributions evaluation, the prinicples laid out are intendenant to be part of the Evaluation DAO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes general ideas regarding contributions evaluation, the principles laid out are intendant to be part of the Evaluation DAO.
```

## Contents

- [Concepts](#concepts)

  - [Commity](#commity)
  - [Evaluation](#evaluation)
  - [Contibution](#contribution)
  - [Pull Request](#pull-request)
  - [Vote](#vote)

- [Future Improvements](#future-improvements)

- [Implementation](#implementation)

## Concepts

### General Ideas

> Contributors DAO will designate members of a commity, in the begining, the evaluation commity members will be the core development team members or any other trusted entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors DAO will designate members of a committee, in the beginning, the evaluation committee members will be the core development team members or any other trusted entity.
```
